Yeah.
>> All right.
We can call the order of the meeting
October 6 at 7:02 p.m.
at roll call. Have Marina, Jeb, myself,
Jan, and Joe.
Just us. It's quiet meeting tonight.
Um, approval of minutes. Make a motion
to approve the September 9th meeting
minutes. Second.
>> I second.
>> Any further discussion? All those in
favor?
>> I
public comment. Old business application
IWWC 25-13 Walter Tedford on 25 Lakeside
Drive installation of a 4x 20 foot
T-shaped prefab aluminum dock within an
overlay.
I make a motion to approve permit 25-13.
>> I second permit 25-13.
>> All in favor?
>> I
All right. New business.
>> New business. Right.
>> Shouldn't be.
>> Agent enforcement pending review of
permit application IWWC 25-11 Darren
Clark on 115 Bunker Hill Road. driveway
construction, clearing, grading, and new
house construction within 100 foot up
under view area of a pond.
>> Yeah, I think we talked about that last
time. I actually meant to take it off
the agenda, but then it like restored
it. So, when I sent it out, add it in
there. But yeah, I'm just I find I got
the uh I was just waiting for a driveway
abandonment plan cuz they had like the
previous owner had put a tracking pad
and made a driveway in there and they
needed to move the driveway for
sighteline and
um grading reasons. So,
>> we were just having him put in a plan
for abandoning the existing driveway,
what he's going to do with the gravel,
seed it, all that kind of stuff. So,
okay.
You got that in. So, I should be good.
Was he just going to just seat over the
top of it?
>> He's going to remove the gravel, use it
on the other side for the other
driveway, and then
fill and seed it.
>> That's good to make. Um, I don't need a
motion for that, right?
>> No. Should be It's all changed.
>> Just other business. 2026 meeting dates.
Do you want to wait till we have more
people here? probably because the person
that wanted to change the dates in the
year. So,
>> yeah. So, we could table that table the
2026 meeting dates discussion.
>> Yeah, I think we'll have to I forget
what I'll have to talk to Lauren in the
town hall and or in the clerk's office
to see uh when we need to put those in
by
>> Did you guys have any thoughts on the
meeting dates?
>> I did, but I don't have my list with me
yet tonight. I remember there was one
that worked for me.
>> I have the print out that we had
daily.
>> Oh, first Monday. Third Monday.
>> I see.
>> So changing all of them.
>> Absolutely.
>> Yeah. Okay.
>> Yeah. My vote will be first Tuesday, but
you know, certainly we can wait till we
have a
>> Yeah, have a
>> I would prefer
>> Yeah, but whatever works for me as long
as I just know ahead of time.
>> You might want to send it out to all the
commission members on email because if
there's some that can't make it,
>> yeah,
>> they'll never be on here, right? Then
>> okay,
>> it's not like we can't vote on it, but
you can at least find out which ones
work for everybody.
Well, everybody here's thinking first
Tuesday, right?
>> So, I'll talk to them and see if that is
a conflict or anything. And then if she
doesn't think there is, then I guess we
can I can email it and
>> just make sure
>> like we're proposing the first Tuesday.
See if that works.
>> Okay.
>> Yeah,
>> that works.
>> Sounds good to me.
>> That's everything.
>> Perfect.
>> I think so.
>> All right.
I make a motion to adjourn the meeting
on October 6th at 7:06 p.m.
>> A second.
>> A second. Third.
>> All in favor?
>> Four minutes.
>> Wow.
You get done. Next regular meeting
Monday, November 3rd at PM.